Rename `hover` to `interest` (#814)
openui/open-ui: site/src/pages/components/popover-hint.research.explainer.mdx

This explainer discusses two important extensions of the Popover API:

> 1. The ability to trigger popovers via a "hover" type interaction (plus others for non-mouse users).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The ability to trigger popovers via a "hover" type interaction (plus other interactions for non-mouse users).
```
